src/content/docs/en/reference/error-reference.mdx, before:

---
# NOTE: This file is auto-generated from 'scripts/error-docgen.mjs'
# Do not make edits to it directly, they will be overwritten.
# Instead, change this file: https://github.com/withastro/astro/blob/main/packages/astro/src/core/errors/errors-data.ts
# Translators, please remove this note and the <DontEditWarning/> component.

title: Error reference
i18nReady: true
githubURL: https://github.com/withastro/astro/blob/main/packages/astro/src/core/errors/errors-data.ts
---

import DontEditWarning from '~/components/DontEditWarning.astro'

<DontEditWarning />

The following reference is a complete list of the errors you may encounter while using Astro. For additional assistance, including common pitfalls, please also see our [Troubleshooting Guide](/en/guides/troubleshooting/).

## Astro Errors

- [**UnknownCompilerError**](/en/reference/errors/unknown-compiler-error/)<br/>Unknown compiler error.
- [**StaticRedirectNotAvailable**](/en/reference/errors/static-redirect-not-available/)<br/>`Astro.redirect` is not available in static mode.
- [**ClientAddressNotAvailable**](/en/reference/errors/client-address-not-available/)<br/>`Astro.clientAddress` is not available in current adapter.
- [**PrerenderClientAddressNotAvailable**](/en/reference/errors/prerender-client-address-not-available/)<br/>`Astro.clientAddress` cannot be used inside prerendered routes.
- [**StaticClientAddressNotAvailable**](/en/reference/errors/static-client-address-not-available/)<br/>`Astro.clientAddress` is not available in static mode.
- [**NoMatchingStaticPathFound**](/en/reference/errors/no-matching-static-path-found/)<br/>No static path found for requested path.
- [**OnlyResponseCanBeReturned**](/en/reference/errors/only-response-can-be-returned/)<br/>Invalid type returned by Astro page.
- [**MissingMediaQueryDirective**](/en/reference/errors/missing-media-query-directive/)<br/>Missing value for `client:media` directive.
- [**NoMatchingRenderer**](/en/reference/errors/no-matching-renderer/)<br/>No matching renderer found.
- [**NoClientEntrypoint**](/en/reference/errors/no-client-entrypoint/)<br/>No client entrypoint specified in renderer.
- [**NoClientOnlyHint**](/en/reference/errors/no-client-only-hint/)<br/>Missing hint on `client:only` directive.
- [**InvalidGetStaticPathParam**](/en/reference/errors/invalid-get-static-path-param/)<br/>Invalid value returned by a `getStaticPaths` path.
- [**InvalidGetStaticPathsEntry**](/en/reference/errors/invalid-get-static-paths-entry/)<br/>Invalid entry inside getStaticPath's return value
- [**InvalidGetStaticPathsReturn**](/en/reference/errors/invalid-get-static-paths-return/)<br/>Invalid value returned by getStaticPaths.
- [**GetStaticPathsRemovedRSSHelper**](/en/reference/errors/get-static-paths-removed-rsshelper/)<br/>getStaticPaths RSS helper is not available anymore.
- [**GetStaticPathsExpectedParams**](/en/reference/errors/get-static-paths-expected-params/)<br/>Missing params property on `getStaticPaths` route.
- [**GetStaticPathsInvalidRouteParam**](/en/reference/errors/get-static-paths-invalid-route-param/)<br/>Invalid value for `getStaticPaths` route parameter.
- [**GetStaticPathsRequired**](/en/reference/errors/get-static-paths-required/)<br/>`getStaticPaths()` function required for dynamic routes.
- [**ReservedSlotName**](/en/reference/errors/reserved-slot-name/)<br/>Invalid slot name.
- [**NoAdapterInstalled**](/en/reference/errors/no-adapter-installed/)<br/>Cannot use Server-side Rendering without an adapter.
- [**NoMatchingImport**](/en/reference/errors/no-matching-import/)<br/>No import found for component.
- [**InvalidPrerenderExport**](/en/reference/errors/invalid-prerender-export/)<br/>Invalid prerender export.
- [**InvalidComponentArgs**](/en/reference/errors/invalid-component-args/)<br/>Invalid component arguments.
- [**PageNumberParamNotFound**](/en/reference/errors/page-number-param-not-found/)<br/>Page number param not found.
- [**ImageMissingAlt**](/en/reference/errors/image-missing-alt/)<br/>Image missing required "alt" property.
- [**InvalidImageService**](/en/reference/errors/invalid-image-service/)<br/>Error while loading image service.
- [**MissingImageDimension**](/en/reference/errors/missing-image-dimension/)<br/>Missing image dimensions
- [**FailedToFetchRemoteImageDimensions**](/en/reference/errors/failed-to-fetch-remote-image-dimensions/)<br/>Failed to retrieve remote image dimensions
- [**UnsupportedImageFormat**](/en/reference/errors/unsupported-image-format/)<br/>Unsupported image format
- [**UnsupportedImageConversion**](/en/reference/errors/unsupported-image-conversion/)<br/>Unsupported image conversion
- [**PrerenderDynamicEndpointPathCollide**](/en/reference/errors/prerender-dynamic-endpoint-path-collide/)<br/>Prerendered dynamic endpoint has path collision.
- [**ExpectedImage**](/en/reference/errors/expected-image/)<br/>Expected src to be an image.
- [**ExpectedImageOptions**](/en/reference/errors/expected-image-options/)<br/>Expected image options.
- [**ExpectedNotESMImage**](/en/reference/errors/expected-not-esmimage/)<br/>Expected image options, not an ESM-imported image.
- [**IncompatibleDescriptorOptions**](/en/reference/errors/incompatible-descriptor-options/)<br/>Cannot set both `densities` and `widths`
- [**ImageNotFound**](/en/reference/errors/image-not-found/)<br/>Image not found.
- [**NoImageMetadata**](/en/reference/errors/no-image-metadata/)<br/>Could not process image metadata.
- [**MarkdownImageNotFound**](/en/reference/errors/markdown-image-not-found/)<br/>Image not found.
- [**CouldNotTransformImage**](/en/reference/errors/could-not-transform-image/)<br/>Could not transform image.
- [**ResponseSentError**](/en/reference/errors/response-sent-error/)<br/>Unable to set response.
- [**MiddlewareNoDataOrNextCalled**](/en/reference/errors/middleware-no-data-or-next-called/)<br/>The middleware didn't return a `Response`.
- [**MiddlewareNotAResponse**](/en/reference/errors/middleware-not-aresponse/)<br/>The middleware returned something that is not a `Response` object.
- [**EndpointDidNotReturnAResponse**](/en/reference/errors/endpoint-did-not-return-aresponse/)<br/>The endpoint did not return a `Response`.
- [**LocalsNotAnObject**](/en/reference/errors/locals-not-an-object/)<br/>Value assigned to `locals` is not accepted.
- [**AstroResponseHeadersReassigned**](/en/reference/errors/astro-response-headers-reassigned/)<br/>`Astro.response.headers` must not be reassigned.
- [**MiddlewareCantBeLoaded**](/en/reference/errors/middleware-cant-be-loaded/)<br/>Can't load the middleware.
- [**LocalImageUsedWrongly**](/en/reference/errors/local-image-used-wrongly/)<br/>Local images must be imported.
- [**AstroGlobUsedOutside**](/en/reference/errors/astro-glob-used-outside/)<br/>Astro.glob() used outside of an Astro file.
- [**AstroGlobNoMatch**](/en/reference/errors/astro-glob-no-match/)<br/>Astro.glob() did not match any files.
- [**RedirectWithNoLocation**](/en/reference/errors/redirect-with-no-location/)<br/>A redirect must be given a location with the `Location` header.
- [**InvalidDynamicRoute**](/en/reference/errors/invalid-dynamic-route/)<br/>Invalid dynamic route.
- [**MissingSharp**](/en/reference/errors/missing-sharp/)<br/>Could not find Sharp.
- [**UnknownViteError**](/en/reference/errors/unknown-vite-error/)<br/>Unknown Vite Error.
- [**FailedToLoadModuleSSR**](/en/reference/errors/failed-to-load-module-ssr/)<br/>Could not import file.
- [**InvalidGlob**](/en/reference/errors/invalid-glob/)<br/>Invalid glob pattern.
- [**FailedToFindPageMapSSR**](/en/reference/errors/failed-to-find-page-map-ssr/)<br/>Astro couldn't find the correct page to render
- [**MissingLocale**](/en/reference/errors/missing-locale/)<br/>The provided locale does not exist.
- [**MissingIndexForInternationalization**](/en/reference/errors/missing-index-for-internationalization/)<br/>Index page not found.
- [**IncorrectStrategyForI18n**](/en/reference/errors/incorrect-strategy-for-i18n/)<br/>You can't use the current function with the current strategy
- [**NoPrerenderedRoutesWithDomains**](/en/reference/errors/no-prerendered-routes-with-domains/)<br/>Prerendered routes aren't supported when internationalization domains are enabled.
- [**MissingMiddlewareForInternationalization**](/en/reference/errors/missing-middleware-for-internationalization/)<br/>Enabled manual internationalization routing without having a middleware.
- [**RewriteEncounteredAnError**](/en/reference/errors/rewrite-encountered-an-error/)<br/>Astro couldn't find the route to rewrite, or if was found but it emitted an error during the rendering phase.
- [**CantRenderPage**](/en/reference/errors/cant-render-page/)<br/>Astro can't render the route.
- [**UnhandledRejection**](/en/reference/errors/unhandled-rejection/)<br/>Unhandled rejection
- [**i18nNotEnabled**](/en/reference/errors/i18n-not-enabled/)<br/>i18n Not Enabled
- [**i18nNoLocaleFoundInPath**](/en/reference/errors/i18n-no-locale-found-in-path/)<br/>The path doesn't contain any locale
- [**RouteNotFound**](/en/reference/errors/route-not-found/)<br/>Route not found.
- [**EnvInvalidVariables**](/en/reference/errors/env-invalid-variables/)<br/>Invalid Environment Variables
- [**EnvUnsupportedGetSecret**](/en/reference/errors/env-unsupported-get-secret/)<br/>Unsupported astro:env getSecret
- [**ServerOnlyModule**](/en/reference/errors/server-only-module/)<br/>Module is only available server-side
- [**RewriteWithBodyUsed**](/en/reference/errors/rewrite-with-body-used/)<br/>Cannot use Astro.rewrite after the request body has been read

## CSS Errors

- [**UnknownCSSError**](/en/reference/errors/unknown-csserror/)<br/>Unknown CSS Error.
- [**CSSSyntaxError**](/en/reference/errors/csssyntax-error/)<br/>CSS Syntax Error.

## Markdown Errors

- [**UnknownMarkdownError**](/en/reference/errors/unknown-markdown-error/)<br/>Unknown Markdown Error.
- [**MarkdownFrontmatterParseError**](/en/reference/errors/markdown-frontmatter-parse-error/)<br/>Failed to parse Markdown frontmatter.
- [**InvalidFrontmatterInjectionError**](/en/reference/errors/invalid-frontmatter-injection-error/)<br/>Invalid frontmatter injection.
- [**MdxIntegrationMissingError**](/en/reference/errors/mdx-integration-missing-error/)<br/>MDX integration missing.
- [**UnknownConfigError**](/en/reference/errors/unknown-config-error/)<br/>Unknown configuration error.
- [**ConfigNotFound**](/en/reference/errors/config-not-found/)<br/>Specified configuration file not found.
- [**ConfigLegacyKey**](/en/reference/errors/config-legacy-key/)<br/>Legacy configuration detected.

## CLI Errors

- [**UnknownCLIError**](/en/reference/errors/unknown-clierror/)<br/>Unknown CLI Error.
- [**GenerateContentTypesError**](/en/reference/errors/generate-content-types-error/)<br/>Failed to generate content types.

## Content Collection Errors

- [**UnknownContentCollectionError**](/en/reference/errors/unknown-content-collection-error/)<br/>Unknown Content Collection Error.
- [**InvalidContentEntryFrontmatterError**](/en/reference/errors/invalid-content-entry-frontmatter-error/)<br/>Content entry frontmatter does not match schema.
- [**InvalidContentEntrySlugError**](/en/reference/errors/invalid-content-entry-slug-error/)<br/>Invalid content entry slug.
- [**ContentSchemaContainsSlugError**](/en/reference/errors/content-schema-contains-slug-error/)<br/>Content Schema should not contain `slug`.
- [**CollectionDoesNotExistError**](/en/reference/errors/collection-does-not-exist-error/)<br/>Collection does not exist
- [**MixedContentDataCollectionError**](/en/reference/errors/mixed-content-data-collection-error/)<br/>Content and data cannot be in same collection.
- [**ContentCollectionTypeMismatchError**](/en/reference/errors/content-collection-type-mismatch-error/)<br/>Collection contains entries of a different type.
- [**DataCollectionEntryParseError**](/en/reference/errors/data-collection-entry-parse-error/)<br/>Data collection entry failed to parse.
- [**DuplicateContentEntrySlugError**](/en/reference/errors/duplicate-content-entry-slug-error/)<br/>Duplicate content entry slug.
- [**ActionsWithoutServerOutputError**](/en/reference/errors/actions-without-server-output-error/)<br/>Actions must be used with server output.
- [**UnsupportedConfigTransformError**](/en/reference/errors/unsupported-config-transform-error/)<br/>Unsupported transform in content config.

Commit message:

ci: update error reference docs

src/content/docs/en/reference/error-reference.mdx, after:

---
# NOTE: This file is auto-generated from 'scripts/error-docgen.mjs'
# Do not make edits to it directly, they will be overwritten.
# Instead, change this file: https://github.com/withastro/astro/blob/main/packages/astro/src/core/errors/errors-data.ts
# Translators, please remove this note and the <DontEditWarning/> component.

title: Error reference
i18nReady: true
githubURL: https://github.com/withastro/astro/blob/main/packages/astro/src/core/errors/errors-data.ts
---

import DontEditWarning from '~/components/DontEditWarning.astro'

<DontEditWarning />

The following reference is a complete list of the errors you may encounter while using Astro. For additional assistance, including common pitfalls, please also see our [Troubleshooting Guide](/en/guides/troubleshooting/).

## Astro Errors

- [**UnknownCompilerError**](/en/reference/errors/unknown-compiler-error/)<br/>Unknown compiler error.
- [**StaticRedirectNotAvailable**](/en/reference/errors/static-redirect-not-available/)<br/>`Astro.redirect` is not available in static mode.
- [**ClientAddressNotAvailable**](/en/reference/errors/client-address-not-available/)<br/>`Astro.clientAddress` is not available in current adapter.
- [**PrerenderClientAddressNotAvailable**](/en/reference/errors/prerender-client-address-not-available/)<br/>`Astro.clientAddress` cannot be used inside prerendered routes.
- [**StaticClientAddressNotAvailable**](/en/reference/errors/static-client-address-not-available/)<br/>`Astro.clientAddress` is not available in static mode.
- [**NoMatchingStaticPathFound**](/en/reference/errors/no-matching-static-path-found/)<br/>No static path found for requested path.
- [**OnlyResponseCanBeReturned**](/en/reference/errors/only-response-can-be-returned/)<br/>Invalid type returned by Astro page.
- [**MissingMediaQueryDirective**](/en/reference/errors/missing-media-query-directive/)<br/>Missing value for `client:media` directive.
- [**NoMatchingRenderer**](/en/reference/errors/no-matching-renderer/)<br/>No matching renderer found.
- [**NoClientEntrypoint**](/en/reference/errors/no-client-entrypoint/)<br/>No client entrypoint specified in renderer.
- [**NoClientOnlyHint**](/en/reference/errors/no-client-only-hint/)<br/>Missing hint on `client:only` directive.
- [**InvalidGetStaticPathParam**](/en/reference/errors/invalid-get-static-path-param/)<br/>Invalid value returned by a `getStaticPaths` path.
- [**InvalidGetStaticPathsEntry**](/en/reference/errors/invalid-get-static-paths-entry/)<br/>Invalid entry inside getStaticPath's return value
- [**InvalidGetStaticPathsReturn**](/en/reference/errors/invalid-get-static-paths-return/)<br/>Invalid value returned by getStaticPaths.
- [**GetStaticPathsRemovedRSSHelper**](/en/reference/errors/get-static-paths-removed-rsshelper/)<br/>getStaticPaths RSS helper is not available anymore.
- [**GetStaticPathsExpectedParams**](/en/reference/errors/get-static-paths-expected-params/)<br/>Missing params property on `getStaticPaths` route.
- [**GetStaticPathsInvalidRouteParam**](/en/reference/errors/get-static-paths-invalid-route-param/)<br/>Invalid value for `getStaticPaths` route parameter.
- [**GetStaticPathsRequired**](/en/reference/errors/get-static-paths-required/)<br/>`getStaticPaths()` function required for dynamic routes.
- [**ReservedSlotName**](/en/reference/errors/reserved-slot-name/)<br/>Invalid slot name.
- [**NoAdapterInstalled**](/en/reference/errors/no-adapter-installed/)<br/>Cannot use Server-side Rendering without an adapter.
- [**NoMatchingImport**](/en/reference/errors/no-matching-import/)<br/>No import found for component.
- [**InvalidPrerenderExport**](/en/reference/errors/invalid-prerender-export/)<br/>Invalid prerender export.
- [**InvalidComponentArgs**](/en/reference/errors/invalid-component-args/)<br/>Invalid component arguments.
- [**PageNumberParamNotFound**](/en/reference/errors/page-number-param-not-found/)<br/>Page number param not found.
- [**ImageMissingAlt**](/en/reference/errors/image-missing-alt/)<br/>Image missing required "alt" property.
- [**InvalidImageService**](/en/reference/errors/invalid-image-service/)<br/>Error while loading image service.
- [**MissingImageDimension**](/en/reference/errors/missing-image-dimension/)<br/>Missing image dimensions
- [**FailedToFetchRemoteImageDimensions**](/en/reference/errors/failed-to-fetch-remote-image-dimensions/)<br/>Failed to retrieve remote image dimensions
- [**UnsupportedImageFormat**](/en/reference/errors/unsupported-image-format/)<br/>Unsupported image format
- [**UnsupportedImageConversion**](/en/reference/errors/unsupported-image-conversion/)<br/>Unsupported image conversion
- [**PrerenderDynamicEndpointPathCollide**](/en/reference/errors/prerender-dynamic-endpoint-path-collide/)<br/>Prerendered dynamic endpoint has path collision.
- [**ExpectedImage**](/en/reference/errors/expected-image/)<br/>Expected src to be an image.
- [**ExpectedImageOptions**](/en/reference/errors/expected-image-options/)<br/>Expected image options.
- [**ExpectedNotESMImage**](/en/reference/errors/expected-not-esmimage/)<br/>Expected image options, not an ESM-imported image.
- [**IncompatibleDescriptorOptions**](/en/reference/errors/incompatible-descriptor-options/)<br/>Cannot set both `densities` and `widths`
- [**ImageNotFound**](/en/reference/errors/image-not-found/)<br/>Image not found.
- [**NoImageMetadata**](/en/reference/errors/no-image-metadata/)<br/>Could not process image metadata.
- [**MarkdownImageNotFound**](/en/reference/errors/markdown-image-not-found/)<br/>Image not found.
- [**CouldNotTransformImage**](/en/reference/errors/could-not-transform-image/)<br/>Could not transform image.
- [**ResponseSentError**](/en/reference/errors/response-sent-error/)<br/>Unable to set response.
- [**MiddlewareNoDataOrNextCalled**](/en/reference/errors/middleware-no-data-or-next-called/)<br/>The middleware didn't return a `Response`.
- [**MiddlewareNotAResponse**](/en/reference/errors/middleware-not-aresponse/)<br/>The middleware returned something that is not a `Response` object.
- [**EndpointDidNotReturnAResponse**](/en/reference/errors/endpoint-did-not-return-aresponse/)<br/>The endpoint did not return a `Response`.
- [**LocalsNotAnObject**](/en/reference/errors/locals-not-an-object/)<br/>Value assigned to `locals` is not accepted.
- [**AstroResponseHeadersReassigned**](/en/reference/errors/astro-response-headers-reassigned/)<br/>`Astro.response.headers` must not be reassigned.
- [**MiddlewareCantBeLoaded**](/en/reference/errors/middleware-cant-be-loaded/)<br/>Can't load the middleware.
- [**LocalImageUsedWrongly**](/en/reference/errors/local-image-used-wrongly/)<br/>Local images must be imported.
- [**AstroGlobUsedOutside**](/en/reference/errors/astro-glob-used-outside/)<br/>Astro.glob() used outside of an Astro file.
- [**AstroGlobNoMatch**](/en/reference/errors/astro-glob-no-match/)<br/>Astro.glob() did not match any files.
- [**RedirectWithNoLocation**](/en/reference/errors/redirect-with-no-location/)<br/>A redirect must be given a location with the `Location` header.
- [**InvalidDynamicRoute**](/en/reference/errors/invalid-dynamic-route/)<br/>Invalid dynamic route.
- [**MissingSharp**](/en/reference/errors/missing-sharp/)<br/>Could not find Sharp.
- [**UnknownViteError**](/en/reference/errors/unknown-vite-error/)<br/>Unknown Vite Error.
- [**FailedToLoadModuleSSR**](/en/reference/errors/failed-to-load-module-ssr/)<br/>Could not import file.
- [**InvalidGlob**](/en/reference/errors/invalid-glob/)<br/>Invalid glob pattern.
- [**FailedToFindPageMapSSR**](/en/reference/errors/failed-to-find-page-map-ssr/)<br/>Astro couldn't find the correct page to render
- [**MissingLocale**](/en/reference/errors/missing-locale/)<br/>The provided locale does not exist.
- [**MissingIndexForInternationalization**](/en/reference/errors/missing-index-for-internationalization/)<br/>Index page not found.
- [**IncorrectStrategyForI18n**](/en/reference/errors/incorrect-strategy-for-i18n/)<br/>You can't use the current function with the current strategy
- [**NoPrerenderedRoutesWithDomains**](/en/reference/errors/no-prerendered-routes-with-domains/)<br/>Prerendered routes aren't supported when internationalization domains are enabled.
- [**MissingMiddlewareForInternationalization**](/en/reference/errors/missing-middleware-for-internationalization/)<br/>Enabled manual internationalization routing without having a middleware.
- [**RewriteEncounteredAnError**](/en/reference/errors/rewrite-encountered-an-error/)<br/>Astro couldn't find the route to rewrite, or if was found but it emitted an error during the rendering phase.
- [**CantRenderPage**](/en/reference/errors/cant-render-page/)<br/>Astro can't render the route.
- [**UnhandledRejection**](/en/reference/errors/unhandled-rejection/)<br/>Unhandled rejection
- [**i18nNotEnabled**](/en/reference/errors/i18n-not-enabled/)<br/>i18n Not Enabled
- [**i18nNoLocaleFoundInPath**](/en/reference/errors/i18n-no-locale-found-in-path/)<br/>The path doesn't contain any locale
- [**RouteNotFound**](/en/reference/errors/route-not-found/)<br/>Route not found.
- [**EnvInvalidVariables**](/en/reference/errors/env-invalid-variables/)<br/>Invalid Environment Variables
- [**EnvUnsupportedGetSecret**](/en/reference/errors/env-unsupported-get-secret/)<br/>Unsupported astro:env getSecret
- [**ServerOnlyModule**](/en/reference/errors/server-only-module/)<br/>Module is only available server-side
- [**RewriteWithBodyUsed**](/en/reference/errors/rewrite-with-body-used/)<br/>Cannot use Astro.rewrite after the request body has been read

## CSS Errors

- [**UnknownCSSError**](/en/reference/errors/unknown-csserror/)<br/>Unknown CSS Error.
- [**CSSSyntaxError**](/en/reference/errors/csssyntax-error/)<br/>CSS Syntax Error.

## Markdown Errors

- [**UnknownMarkdownError**](/en/reference/errors/unknown-markdown-error/)<br/>Unknown Markdown Error.
- [**MarkdownFrontmatterParseError**](/en/reference/errors/markdown-frontmatter-parse-error/)<br/>Failed to parse Markdown frontmatter.
- [**InvalidFrontmatterInjectionError**](/en/reference/errors/invalid-frontmatter-injection-error/)<br/>Invalid frontmatter injection.
- [**MdxIntegrationMissingError**](/en/reference/errors/mdx-integration-missing-error/)<br/>MDX integration missing.
- [**UnknownConfigError**](/en/reference/errors/unknown-config-error/)<br/>Unknown configuration error.
- [**ConfigNotFound**](/en/reference/errors/config-not-found/)<br/>Specified configuration file not found.
- [**ConfigLegacyKey**](/en/reference/errors/config-legacy-key/)<br/>Legacy configuration detected.

## CLI Errors

- [**UnknownCLIError**](/en/reference/errors/unknown-clierror/)<br/>Unknown CLI Error.
- [**GenerateContentTypesError**](/en/reference/errors/generate-content-types-error/)<br/>Failed to generate content types.

## Content Collection Errors

- [**UnknownContentCollectionError**](/en/reference/errors/unknown-content-collection-error/)<br/>Unknown Content Collection Error.
- [**InvalidContentEntryFrontmatterError**](/en/reference/errors/invalid-content-entry-frontmatter-error/)<br/>Content entry frontmatter does not match schema.
- [**InvalidContentEntrySlugError**](/en/reference/errors/invalid-content-entry-slug-error/)<br/>Invalid content entry slug.
- [**ContentSchemaContainsSlugError**](/en/reference/errors/content-schema-contains-slug-error/)<br/>Content Schema should not contain `slug`.
- [**CollectionDoesNotExistError**](/en/reference/errors/collection-does-not-exist-error/)<br/>Collection does not exist
- [**MixedContentDataCollectionError**](/en/reference/errors/mixed-content-data-collection-error/)<br/>Content and data cannot be in same collection.
- [**ContentCollectionTypeMismatchError**](/en/reference/errors/content-collection-type-mismatch-error/)<br/>Collection contains entries of a different type.
- [**DataCollectionEntryParseError**](/en/reference/errors/data-collection-entry-parse-error/)<br/>Data collection entry failed to parse.
- [**DuplicateContentEntrySlugError**](/en/reference/errors/duplicate-content-entry-slug-error/)<br/>Duplicate content entry slug.
- [**ActionsWithoutServerOutputError**](/en/reference/errors/actions-without-server-output-error/)<br/>Actions must be used with server output.
- [**ActionsUsedWithForGetError**](/en/reference/errors/actions-used-with-for-get-error/)<br/>An invalid Action query string was passed by a form.
- [**ActionQueryStringInvalidError**](/en/reference/errors/action-query-string-invalid-error/)<br/>An invalid Action query string was passed by a form.
- [**UnsupportedConfigTransformError**](/en/reference/errors/unsupported-config-transform-error/)<br/>Unsupported transform in content config.
